feat: Add xyy94813/mdn-site contributor tool (#5)
mdn/awesome: README.md

- [skyclouds2001/mdn-tool](https://github.com/skyclouds2001/mdn-tools) - A tool focusing on maintaining [mdn/data](https://github.com/mdn/data) repo, using feature information from [content repo](https://github.com/mdn/content), [bcd](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data) to keep data consistent with latest browser support.
- [OnkarRuikar/markdownlint-rule-search-replace](https://github.com/OnkarRuikar/markdownlint-rule-search-replace) - A [markdownlint](https://github.com/DavidAnson/markdownlint) plugin built to handle [custom linting needs](https://github.com/mdn/content/blob/cebc05cfe508d5cd8c6a98359a3913cf19a707d3/.markdownlint.jsonc#L122-L235) of the MDN content.

> - [xyy94813/mdn-site](https://github.com/xyy94813/mdn-site) - A repo support helper scripts for translating mdn content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [xyy94813/mdn-site](https://github.com/xyy94813/mdn-site) - Helper scripts for MDN translation tasks in `mdn/translated-content`, such as initializing the environment, copying specific files, and adding origin commit hashes to translated files.
```
